Add support for native-sized integers (#1060)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/expressions.md

- If either operand is of type `decimal`, the other operand is converted to type `decimal`, or a binding-time error occurs if the other operand is of type `float` or `double`.
- Otherwise, if either operand is of type `double`, the other operand is converted to type `double`.
- Otherwise, if either operand is of type `float`, the other operand is converted to type `float`.

> - Otherwise, if either operand is of type `ulong`, the other operand is converted to type `ulong`, or a binding-time error occurs if the other operand is of `type sbyte`, `short`, `int`, `nint`, or `long`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Otherwise, if either operand is of type `ulong`, the other operand is converted to type `ulong`, or a binding-time error occurs if the other operand is of type `sbyte`, `short`, `int`, `nint`, or `long`.
```

- a reference type
- a type parameter that is known to be a reference type ([§8.2](types.md#82-reference-types));

> - one of the following value types: `sbyte`, `byte`, `short`, `ushort`, `int`, `uint`, `nint`, `nuint`, `long`, `ulong`, `char`, `float`, `double`, `decimal`, `bool,`; or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- one of the following value types: `sbyte`, `byte`, `short`, `ushort`, `int`, `uint`, `nint`, `nuint`, `long`, `ulong`, `char`, `float`, `double`, `decimal`, `bool`; or
```

Regardless of whether commas should be inside or outside the backticks, this comma is surely subsumed by the semicolon.

    ;
```

> A constant expression may be either a value type or a reference type. If a constant expression has a value type, that type shall be one of the following: `sbyte`, `byte`, `short`, `ushort`, `int`, `uint`, `nint`, `nuint`, `long`, `ulong`, `char`, `float`, `double`, `decimal`, `bool,` or any enumeration type. If a constant expression has a reference type, that type shall be `string`, a default value expression ([§12.8.21](expressions.md#12821-default-value-expressions)) for some reference type, or the value of the expression shall be `null`.

Reviewer: "that type shall be […] a default value expression" doesn't make sense to me; a type is not an expression.

The value of a default value expression for a reference type is `null` anyway so I don't think default value expressions need to be explicitly mentioned here.  OTOH this oddity is already there before this pull request.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @KalleOlaviNiemitalo, I'll offer the following – feel free to wordsmith:

```suggestion
A constant expression may be either a value type or a reference type. If a constant expression has a value type, that type shall be one of the following: `sbyte`, `byte`, `short`, `ushort`, `int`, `uint`, `nint`, `nuint`, `long`, `ulong`, `char`, `float`, `double`, `decimal`, `bool,` or any enumeration type. If a constant expression has a reference type, the expression shall:
- have a value of type `string`;
- have a value of `null`; or
- be a default value expression ([§12.8.21](expressions.md#12821-default-value-expressions)) of reference type.
```

The compile-time evaluation of constant expressions uses the same rules as run-time evaluation of non-constant expressions, except that where run-time evaluation would have thrown an exception, compile-time evaluation causes a compile-time error to occur.

> Due to the implementation-defined nature of native integers ([§8.3.6](types.md#836-integral-types)), constant folding operations on `nint` and `nuint` operands shall be evaluated as if they had type `System.Int32` and `System.UInt32`, respectively. If the operation results in a constant value representable in 32 bits, constant folding may be performed at compile-time. Otherwise, the operation is executed at runtime and is not considered to be a constant.

Reviewer 2: “Constant folding” is an implementation optimisation term, it is in the source material only as it is describing the semantics by way of describing one particular implementation.

The semantics that need to be specified are that within a constant expression operations on native ints shall be evaluated as operations on 32-bit ints and if this conversion or runtime evaluation of the expression would have resulted in an exception then the expression is not a constant expression and a compile-time error shall be issued.

I'll offer as a starting point the following replacement for lines 6809-11:

> The compile-time evaluation of a *constant_expression* shall:
>
> - treat all values of type `nint` as `System.Int32`;
> - treat all values of type `nuint` as `System.UInt32`;
> - and otherwise use the same evaluation rules as for run-time non-constant expressions.
>
> If any `nint`/`nuint` values are not representable as `Int32`/`UInt32`, or the run-time evaluation of the whole expression would throw an exception, then a compile-time error shall be produced.
>
> *Note*: These rules mean that an expression involving native integers which is superficially valid as a *constant_expression* may only be valid as an *expression* evaluated at runtime using the full implementation-defined native integer precision. *end note*

I think this captures the semantics.
